[Music]
in the past gathering the sheep would
have been a huge community event with
whole villages ascending the mountain
but now it's left to Gwyn and a handful
of neighbors to gather 3,000 acres of
sheer mountainside one thing hasn't
changed there the Shepards reliance on
his oldest companion basic commands for
dogs is we can buy in like that was also
very similar you don't get confused to
the commands to unless I get to
affiliate very computer three working
dogs the third dog strike with Austin
swear words and occasional stuff we get
a few awkward ones that's either don't
know the way home or they just want to
you know stay on the mountain so it's a
little bit more difficult with the
weather being so hot to shift them the
dogs get tired very quickly Shepherd
gets really tired
[Music]
[Applause]